# MMT Dev Team meeting | 12th/13th Feb 2018

Notes from last time:  https://www.loomio.org/d/ufTqembQ/-meeting-monday-5th-febuary-20-45-utc-agenda-minutes

**Time** 8.45pm Monday 12th UTC

**Facilitator** Dan (will also be doing the call out for the meeting)

**Location** Mumble

**Agenda** https://hackmd.io/OwMxAYBMEYGMFMC00CGDEBYBG8CcithcA2RcYSAVnPkpC0gA4g==?view

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is  `celehner.com`

We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

## Actions from last meeting:

- kieran 
  - [x] Rails testing (Kieran) - coordinate testing via Keybase (make a doc telling others what is expected desired from the testing)
  - [x] catch up with Cryptonites - setup endowment with sharded wallet (afro tech fest)
  - [ ] connect with mix to review the cryptonites endowment process
  - [ ] attend social-wallet meeting

- mix
  - [ ] write up values of what we're trying to achieve (e.g. a good time for ... )
    - [x] had conversation with Dan, realised this might be about 'experimenting' and how value serve 
  - [ ] coordinating depositing with greaterThan
    - [x] set up meeting with kate
    - [x] started documenting best practice process 
      - [ ] [block] - need input on this
  - [ ] coordinating with Kieran to review about the experience of walking new groups through processing grants

- peg
  - [x] connect with Kieran to expand and explore social wallet
    - Have set up a bitcoin node on testnet to use for playing with the api and got some coins from [this faucet](https://testnet.manu.backend.hamburg/faucet)
    - Had a look at the social wallet api via the 'swagger' front end.  My understanding of it is that it allows you to make transactions on any bitcoin-like blockchain whilst maintaining a 'mirror' of transaction data using MongoDB, with the additional 'move' route which allows you do 'in-wallet' off-chain transactions between members.  Which is great to have the same interface for both. 
    - Have added some thoughts on this to our [Social-Wallet (Freecoin) Experimentation Notes - HackMD](https://hackmd.io/JwMwjAHAxgTApsAtGAhgNgOyICwoMwyLTqLAQCsmADMFWCFQEZA=?both)
    - Have not got much futher with playing with the wallet itself, getting an error also described in notes at link above
    - Been exploring terminal sharing with kieran using 'GNU Screen' so we can help each other with annoying software problems, written some notes on this [here](https://github.com/blockades/mmt_resources/wiki/Tools)

- dan
  - [x] talk with cryptokitties
    - feeling overwhelmed by the in person considerations of setup
    - setting up legal taking time!
    - take a pause (6 weeks) 
    - on digital comms  - touch base on crypto stuff then!
  - [x] organise the next group call
      - Hello!
  - [x] organise high level review of interviewing and learning
      -  [name=phonebox] shared a starting point document below
  - [ ] organise with mix to pair on the rails app
  - [x] dan to link mix and kieran with people who have had sharded backups provided
    - mix + kieran linked
  - [x] dan to share email which was sent to pehint_ople with examples
  - [x] dan to share link to ssb thread which explores the schema for a multi-sig wallet

- nikolai
  - [ ] attend social-wallet meeting
  - [ ] liase with kieran about rails QA feedback

- UNASSIGNED:
  - [ ] mmt-dev group to set up a multi-sig wallet
    - peg may have started this?

## Agenda:

Please input things you would like to speak about in the meeting

- rails app
  - Kieran: do we need more testing to see if it will break? I think the errors are likely to come up with high volume. 
  - NAB: we've had our chance, not sure it makes sense to spend another week. Maybe if we're planning on using it, we should go for something more rigorous.
  - NAB: maybe we should move to final assessment

- dan
  - [x] run through of the action points from the last meeting to see what happened and what didn't
      - [ ] Are there any blocks to something that was being worked on?
  - [ ] where are we in the lifecylce of project

HELP! - mumble down? (mix) I can't get back on either
mix: lets give it a couple of mins then decide another location 
joining : https://vdc.dyne.org/mmting

NOOOO
anyone else just dropped off?? I cant get on the server... :(



- kieran
  - [ ] overview of the social wallet

- mix
  - [ ] pruning comms channels

  - https://github.com/blockades/mmt_resources/wiki/Onboarding

- NAB
  - [ ] I may be less suited to exploratory work



## Sharing:

- dan
    - here is a link to the ssb thread on multisig: 
        - %HGQUUazks4Z1hJv2ZwrwUO/tVw2qsfAmVKoC7gvJlzI=.sha256
        - https://viewer.scuttlebot.io/%25HGQUUazks4Z1hJv2ZwrwUO%2FtVw2qsfAmVKoC7gvJlzI%3D.sha256
    - here is a link to the forked thread for discussion in the #mmt channel:
        - %Su6rhLiGjvQsjqrHKHCGmrCFXC9Ks3zrY0fGEAPEgOc=.sha256
    - here is a link to a document with the sharded back up email:
        - https://hackmd.io/KwRgHAbAJgzARhAtMYBDYiAsAmbVFgDGAZmInMQAyZwCcE2YmMApkA==#

- phonebox
    - doing interviews with users
        - https://hackmd.io/AwEwxgRgLAHMCGBaA7AZimRUCsBGKiM8EuiwYUApqiDMlAEwBmuQA===?edit


## Actions

- mix
  - Meeting with kieran on thursday (see invite)

- kieran
  - tally up the transactions spreadsheet:app and check they match
  - get an external microphone / webcam

- dan
  - kieran would like to hear update on rails:spreadsheet reconciliation
  - set up 2nd mumble server
  - 

