# MMT Dev Team meeting | 3rd April 2018 

Notes from last time [here](https://hackmd.io/foPtGqJIQpGUhcPdIk0VBw?both#).

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 9.00am Tuesday 3rd April UTC :clock1: (10am GMT)
**Facilitator** | Peg
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with celehner.com as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is  `blockades.org`. We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

---


## Checkins & Hellos

*unminuted*

## Standing Items

### MMT comms check-in
* Is the new meeting time working for everyone?
    * dan likes it
    * kieran likes it
    * alanna likes it
    * mix ?
    * peg likes it

Meeting stays at this time! :lipstick: 

### Review Last Week's TODOs

#### peg

- [x] look into plugin helping accountability/transparency in transactions
- [ ] facilitate next meeting
- [x] make this week's payments with dan


Notes: 
- cosigner plugin sucks!
  - it spams everyone (even when the thing has already beeen signed)

#### alanna

- [ ] look into other tools and how they've solved transparency/accountability issues like we're having (cobudget, open collective) - could that functionality help us? - pair with mix
- [x] set up next meeting time for 9PM NZT

Notes:
- Chatted with mix about what our requirements are
- Will be analysing tools over the next week

#### kieran

- [ ] Think about where to put problems that arise in payment process - github issues?
    - https://github.com/blockades/mmt-experiments/issues

Notes:
- Issues aren't the easiest?
- Has tested by setting up experiments and we can log issues there
- Working documentation can be there.

Peg question: 
- Is there an easy way to get markdown from ssb
    - YES! Right click and `copy text`


#### mix

- [ ] pair with kieran on SSB code
- [x] pair with alanna on some transaction tracking
- [x] small experiment with electrum CLI



#### dan

- [x] pair with peg as experiment lead
    - [x] sign off on peg initiated batch payout (alanna, dan, peg)

**Signed off on one weeks worth of wages** :+1: 



- [x] set up experiment threads on ssb
    - [x] index / overview
        %o/Aw9G4kQTTauCi2x6ZphPcnPPqWEvR58rTkzc2wKYQ=.sha256
    - [x] questions 
        %eGg4Llk90rvLjGMpS46wBdxyTYJFacPfwAA/mMC/slI=.sha256
        
**index pages to link to stuff so far in scuttlebutt. Transition to github at some point?**
        
- [x] set up [MMT btc pay - week 2018-03-26](https://hackmd.io/wJKfxXXuT2efnXR2hL9Z-g#)
- [x] created [master pay doc](https://hackmd.io/VX00BAleSk2wXyB2RzoG5w#)
- [x] move all [minutes](https://github.com/blockades/mmt_resources/tree/master/minutes) to github


## Agenda Items

### 1. Experiments Report Back

#### A. Internal Economy: Paying Ourselves
- Issuing invoices (doesn't work)
- What to do about this 'address reuse' issue for the coming week? 

**Proposal 1:** lets do easy pay mode and all use the same address
Add: to issues list as this is not best practice to resolve in the mid-term.
Concerns: if we bypass this then we might forget about it
Commitment: to not sweeping this under the rug

**Counter proposal 2:**
If someone has provided a new address, then use it. If they haven't then use the original one.

_**Decided to go with KISS and go with proposal 1 for now (reuse addresses for now).**_


- More resrictive long term savings wallet, and socially robust backups %mRnKMiNNlGgmhDIskDVvQ7tVQbwAIFVMIF7XmkKQEsI=.sha256

Lets: run an experiment where dan gets hit in the head by a coconut and see how resilient aspects of our system are.

**TODO: set up a long term multisig wallet 4/5 and conduct a coconut death experiment**

#### B. Other Experiments

- [x] dan: greaterthan feedback
- [x] dan: fiji savingspools research

### 2. Other Agenda Items...

- dan: 
    - [x] BACKPAY %WE7H3yXNzw3t/Lp6ZYILmurNj9oUNY+IoE13cvbx/w4=.sha256
        - **do async...**
    - [ ] use keybase for private git storage of wages infos?

## Next Week's TODOs

- peg:
    - [ ] add address reuse to github issues
    - [ ] consider going to catalunya...

- dan:
    - [ ] Setup new 4 of 5 long term wallet with @peg
        - [ ] move a small amount of dust to the wallet
    - [ ] dan and mix pair on git-ssb
    - [ ] kieran and dan pair on git-ssb

- alanna:
    - [ ] pair with mix to do payouts from electrum




