# MMT dev call 17/18 JAN

Agenda


## Nikolai update

Its connected to 
https://www.loomio.org/d/izHukXb7/mip-002-updated-mvp-towards-multi-sig-sharded-social-backups-and-a-p2p-exchange-coordination-space

N + Dan caught up, Dan reflected that the csv experiment was good (reasons in loomio), and not perfect (single admin, no private keys, these felt like blocks on some goals).

We could repeat the spreadsheet, but this time with code.
Dan noticed: people weren't really exchanging crypto btwn currencies ... so maybe that's not the idea of the CSV. But giving people private keys means keys for ever currency... so maybe just a system which controls a multi-sig wallet

e.g scenario : Dan loads up an MMT wallet
Dan allocates that to interesting people.
When the member accepts, MMT makes a multi-sig wallet and gives one part to human, other part to MMT

Dan: stepping back from implementation.. the part of the experiment that worked was onboarding a person to crypto$ without them feeling indebted. The IOU was a bit of magic, because people didn't feel like I was _giving_ them a thing.

Mix: would this be something like csv + people manually making multi-sig
NAB: I don't think the current proposal needs much of the code written

Peg: I thought people could use the rails up to check what belongs to them and what they're worth

Dan: I agree with both. With the Rails app, the Admin introduces funds and assigns them. What I'm suggesting is reconfiguring that genesis point.

NAB: I don't believe it does. I don't think this new thing is that. We're talking about the valuable part being the IOU and the conditional release.

Dan: yes I hear what you're saying NAB. The changing btwn assets wasn't important initially. It might be useful in the future.

NAB: but if you're not changing btwn crypto, then we don't need a complicated transaction model? (e.g. load, release)

Mix: could we run a quick internal role-play with the rails app

Dan: I wanted other people have experience of the admin.

Peg: Do we need to test the rails app? Is it the right thing to test it on

NAB: we could move the spreadsheet onto the rails app

Dan: there's a lot of copying and pasting and admin from removing someone from the sheet

Mix: which exp do we want to run?

Dan: 
  - anything that helps me double check things is handy
  - we should role play the thing
  - then there's the reconfigured MVP

Peg: Also feeled like others might not have signed up for people to be put on a server
Dan: I don't have capacity to get consent, but I could run it locally, because that's less complicated
Mix: yeah minimum test!

Peg: are we going to use this Rails app

Dan: I've heavily moved away from an exchange


.... some unrecorded conversation

NAB: we need to figure out how to do parsing of CSV

Peg: I think Kieran wants to close equity part. 
NAB: yeah the equity party is fundamental (we need zero sum accounting)
Peg: NAB do you have time to help with that
NAB: he's stuck on the crypto part with exchanging with zero sum. But considering we're less interesting in exchanging, then we can probably fudge that. Have any of the remaining crypto people traded crypto?
Dan: all trades have gone via FIAT
NAB: great!

Mix: what's the timeline on this?

NAB: would love to get this going soon.

NAB: this needs to be 
Peg: spreadsheeting parsing might need some work... how much work?

NAB: Kieran does most of the dev work. I think we should set a timebox for starting in a week.

Mix: what are the actions? 

Experiment ideas

1) ~~Dummy rails app on the internet role playing~~ (too light)
2) Dan runs rails app concurrently with spreadsheet
3) Dummy rails app AND a dummy cloud spreadsheet

----

## Actions

- NAB: I'll update Kieran
- Kieran / NAB: Get the code shipable
- Dan: will set up dummy spreadsheet for Experiment 3
- Dan: work to make his real spreadsheet parseable
- Dan: Experiment 2 prep: 
  - make sheet standardised parseable
  - get an sanitised copy of the spreadsheet ready for parsing.
- Mix: post up call reminder for next meeting 
  - datetime: Monday 8pm UTC


## Experiment 2
- Dan runs rails app concurrently with spreadsheet

## Experiment 3
- dummy spreadsheet
- online rails app


----

// pre-meeting notes /////////////////////////

# Thoughts on Agenda Items 
---
* Author: [name=Kieran]

## Multiple Heroku Deployments
### Testing & Debugging MMT core
* Generally think this is a **good idea** - Want to see what we've built being used. Prototyping a good opportunity to educate around 5-10 friends (who would be interested in trialing the software) about crypto. This isn't final product but will be useful on the journey.
* What features should be enabled / disabled?
-- Should **exchanges** be enabled? Or is this functionality people would want to try in the first iteration? E.g. If as admin I preload the system with 0.5 BTC, 2 ETH and 100 NEO, and I gift each person involved 10 NEO, they can lay claim to the other available crypto? 
-- We can use **ENV vars to easily disable** sections if necessary - small code amendment

## Code-related

#### Feature: Equity
* Need assistance solving javascript rounding problem in feature/equity PR. 
* Directly affects system sum to zero and causes most transactions to fail and no value to be moved around.
* Problem compounded when going between non-BTC currency, e.g. GBP to NEO.
* **Problem Discussion:** https://github.com/blockades/mmt/pull/34#discussion_r160401540
* [name=kieran] will create github issue

#### Feature: Withdrawls
* Perhaps a chat with [name=Nikolai] on this soon...
* Need review of withdrawls written with AASM state_machine
* Am I using the tool correctly?
* Have I missed anything important?
* **UPDATE:** Began writing specs today which should help iron out any issues with the logic.
* Are withdrawls limited to crypto?
* Addresses - Should withdrawl request take a blockchain address to send to? Very easy to add (some already written locally on my machine).

#### Feature: Dockerize_II
* Can this be merged? Works on my computer! If so, I've approved, waiting for one more approval to merge.

#### Spreadsheet Parse
* Only necessary for demo deployment for Loomio folk to mess around if we're running our own
* Exposed an issue when doing `MemberDeposit`.
* Transaction doesn't save if there are no assets already in the system. 
* Should not require assets to already be in the system.
* `MemberDeposit` credits system assets and member liability by that value. But at time of save, the assets have not yet been credited, so liability is not valid.
* **Possible Solution**: Omit `MemberDeposit` events from `MemberCoinEvent` `def coin_assets...` validation
* https://github.com/blockades/mmt/pull/43/files
* [name=nikolai] may be able to assist with a solution
* [name=kieran] will create github issue...

## Github Workflow
( Maybe not top priority but it needs debugging )

#### Heroku
* Master branch should be live version
* Currently is dev branch.
* Merge Dev to Master and any new development goes into dev
* ^^ Obvs
* I can do this easily

#### Merging PRs
* Distribution of responsibility for approving and merging PRs.
* Merging my own PR's in a community-oriented project feels wrong, but this far its been the only way of moving forward.

## Project Proposals
- [x] MIPs seem to be a good approach to proposing new ideas and working out MVP.
