# MMT Dev Team meeting | 24th April 2018 

![](https://www.boom-studios.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Lumberjanes_InfernalCompass_OGN_PROMO.jpg)

Notes from last time [here](https://hackmd.io/VDO8QvrGTWK2jgmdLcoS3g?view).

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 9.00am Friday 20th April UTC :clock1: (10am GMT)
**Facilitator** | Dan :panda_face: 
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with office.blockades.org as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is `blockades.org`. We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

---


## Checkins & Hellos

*unminuted*

## Standing Items

### Review Last Week's TODOs

Kieran
- [ ] Figure out secure location for transaction spreadsheet
- [ ] Work with Dan on wallet privacy
- [x] Keep coding ssb secrets / horcrux
  - JSON Schema!

Alanna
- [x] Have a think about strategy processes for distributed teams
- [x] talk to phonebox about strategy
- [x] Don't leak any more secrets(!) :fearful: 
- [ ] Recombine shards (with Mix)

Dan
- [x] Facilitating next meeting 
- [ ] Organising payments
- [ ] Working group on wallet privacy (with Kieran)
- [x] Catch up chats with phonebox future hats

Peg
- [ ] electrum-RPC vs. Bitcoin-core RPC pros/cons for spreadsheet on DB
- [ ] how to make DB on ssb


mix: on break doing Ticktack, available for contact + questions


### Comms Check-in
*We said we wanted to check in on how comms is working for us each week.*

Alanna: really missing a private group space to communicate
  - default way to work is lots of sharing
  - working with sharing secrets is hard without a private group space

Dan: _~~:hat:~~_ Should this discussion be in the open or private. I don't always know. Interested to hear if anyone else has had anything on this.

> _Mix - proposes we answer that question in an agenda item_

Kieran: nothing burning. private spaces would be good

**Mix**: nope. I'm mainly interested why some people are ultra private compared to me. Would like to learn

**Peg**: Kate from **>** has been interested reading some stuff on scuttlebutt, but there might be a bit much for people to read. Perhaps we could do something more curated

> Thread?

## Agenda Items

### 1. Experiments Report Back

#### A. Internal Economy: Coconut Death Roleplay

- Coconut death roleplay :pineapple: :palm_tree: 

We are trying to do this on the call as a glitchy process / ritual
**peg**: observation that it has been a slower process with mix working on tick-tack BUT also quite realistic in that it has surfaced some confusion
alanna and mix are reassembling
**kieran**: how did we choose alanna? (was jetlagged)
**alanna**: real life would get people together and call eachother
**peg**: clarifying that this is the 4 of 6
**dan**: observation is that there has been some confusion about schemas: who has the backups? are they 3of4, 5of6, 7of9? 

SEED RECOVERED! 

**mix**: observations: would be better if we had all of the shards more easily accessible (**mix missed the star trek prank**) noticed that with all the fractions it can be confusing. 
**mix**: suggests there are some user stories which kieran needs to note down on the recreation and combination
**mix**: fording a shard, who's is this for etc
**alanna**: actually does feel much safer! this has been internalised. the fact that we were even able to do it when we were all not concentrating on it
**alanna**: doesn't actually know what to do with the seed
**peg**: experiment is not over, we need to then transfer the dust to .
mix
**dan**: overcome issues - achieved while people are dislocated (kieran in transit / dan having stuff going on), Alanna not knowing the tech. :+1: 

#### B. Other Experiments

- dan: Payouts delayed, catching up from last week

- New transaction log spreadsheet: how is this going?


### 2. Other Agenda Items...


- NZ retreat - update from Alanna re: discussion w/Phonebox. Planning/facilitation.

**alanna**: was talking with phonebox. how do we talk about strategy as a team. who are we as people? What is big vision? Emotional connections to money? Impact on strategy. Async convo's about retreat beforehand. Make sure we're not decising too quickly, including Peg, get excited.

**alanna**: Do we just want an unstructured 'hangout' or a designed experience with specific outcomes? Somewhere in the middle? Combine organic with structured. were talking about keeping in mind the shape of convergent/divergent. phonebox and alanna have complementary sides to the diamond.

**alanna**: got interested in a dialogue circle about 'M'oney. Might be possible to create a container to open about internally amongst ourselves about our relationship with money

thinking what could do is go away and write up a document about a jumping off point for the retreat which incorporates phonebox and alana

**phonebox** will host a futuring workshop and data care session

---

- dan: 
    - Experiment Cycle Overview 

    index threads recap and catch up 
    - [Exp 000: **Multisig Discussions** - week 2018-03-05](%xx/fWWQemQHfYIT+qfM/89evywhmDrvBbFVuhiMNWZE=.sha256)
    - [Exp 001: **BTC pay experiment** - week 2018-03-19](%gdC9S8aT68gHvWDgaudFqHq6BN6rQqxszpTemPA6c9c=.sha256)
    - [Exp 002: **BTC pay experiment** - week 2018-03-26](%o/Aw9G4kQTTauCi2x6ZphPcnPPqWEvR58rTkzc2wKYQ=.sha256)
    - [Exp 003: **Coconut Death Roleplay** - week 2018-04-10 TODO](TODO)
    - [Exp 004: **Coconut Death Roleplay** - week 2018-04-24 TODO](TODO)


- PRIVACY 



## Next Week's TODOs

* mix
    * [ ] availble for adhoc question answering
        * [ ] Especially pairing on coding!

* peg
    * [ ] Writing up the experiment of the role play
    * [ ] Try putting what we had on a spreadsheet into SSB as a database
    * [ ] think about how we can include you from NZ retreat in a way that will make you happy
    * [ ] prepare selma for screaming comp at NZ gathering

* kieran
    - [ ] Figure out secure location for transaction spreadsheet
    - [ ] Work with Dan on wallet privacy
    - [ ] Keep coding ssb secrets / horcrux
    - [ ] Check in with Alanna + Phonebox about retreat workshops
    - [ ] climb a big mountain and take a picture and bring your laptop and then take a picture and show ssb world working off-grid :D YESSS WILL DO

* dan
    * [ ] Facilitating next meeting 
    * [ ] Organising payments
    * [ ] Working group on wallet privacy (with Kieran)
    * [ ] work with kate b on catalunia event stuff
    * [ ] retroactively catch up with experiment indexes
    * [ ] start thinking about 4 month reflection piece
    * [ ] talk to alanna about permissions and privacy


* alanna
    - [ ] Regrow wallet from seed
    - [ ] Process thoughts about retreat and draft outline and some prompts
    - [ ] talk to Dan about a group comms private space

* phonebox
    * [ ] available for helping folks work through content for a workshop