# MMT Dev Team meeting | 22/23 Jan 2018

Notes from last time : https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==
​
## Agenda

lets dump things to talk about in here, then organise them after a check in : 

- [x] Check in
- [x] Actions from last time
- [x] Change meeting time
- [ ] Timeline for exp 2/3
- [ ] What can mix do this week?
- [ ] 
- [ ] 


## Notes

### Actions from last time 
Actions we'll be checking in on : 
- [x] NAB  : I’ll update Kieran
- [x] Kieran / NAB: Get the code shipable
  - code is pretty much shippable!!!
- [x] Dan: will set up dummy spreadsheet for Experiment 3
- [x] Dan: work to make his real spreadsheet parseable
- [x] Dan: Experiment 2 prep:
  - [x] make sheet standardised parseable
  - [x] get an sanitised copy of the spreadsheet ready for parsing.
- [x] Mix: post up call reminder for next meeting

### Change meeting time 
Request:
* Move to 8.30 / 8.45 UTC? This will allow Dan to make more of the meeting (as he drops Nova off at Nursery around the start of the meeting), and Kieran to go to his yoga class. Dependent on others timelines [name=kieran]
  - :+1: [name=mix] works for me
  - :+1: [name=kieran] Yep!
  - :+1: [name=peg] 
  - :+1: [name=dan] works for me
  - :question: [name=nab] 
  
### Timeline for 2/3

- ideal might be to run experiments this week, then be ready to talk about where to next in the start of Feb

Kieran - I'm going to note pitfalls / bugs to look out for to help get us a quick start
Peg - if we find bugs, what are we going to do ? Do we want to bound the amount of work / fixes we're going to put in?


* When we run experiment, is it going to be async or sync? [name=mix]
* 
mix: should we do this Sync / Async
dan/ kieran: async


Roles / Actions:

each day:
- one of us is the admin, submits a bunch of transactions
- other participants do one or two transactions

an admin user:
- loads currency

a general user:
- withdraws currency
- exchanges currency
- ~~loads currency~~

Timeline


### Trial Run 0 !!!

Spreadsheet from Dan: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13AShBY1f1F7fxyszrxIgtl5tFzSEE2JU6FC0Mr2-aNQ/edit?usp=sharing


Heroku App from Kieran: http://blockades-mmt.herokuapp.com/

General user accounts:
  mix: mix@protozoa.nz
  peg: ameba23@systemli.org
  dan: dh@blockades.org
  password is password

Admin user accounts
  mix: mixadmin@protozoa.nz
  peg: ameba23admin@systemli.org
  dan: dhadmin@blockades.org
  password is password



## Actions

- peg : will confirm time change for meeting with NAB, and post any change to keybase/ loomio (assume unchanged otherwise)
- kieran: will run a primer of the sheet / app 
- dan & kieran (others welcome): to have a meeting on Thursday to trial run experiment to set up a reader for roles to run through async by everyone. We get this up by Thurs/Fri so people can play over the weekend and then we can run through it together at next weeks meeting.







