# MMT Dev Team meeting | 26th/27th Feb 2018

Notes from last time:  https://www.loomio.org/d/liUxZ39P/-meeting-friday-23rd-febuary-20-45-utc-agenda-minutes

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 8.45pm Monday 26th February UTC
**Facilitator** | Kieran
**Agenda** | [this document](https://hackmd.io/JzDsGMAYBMFMBYC0BDAjAJgGaPgVgEagqigDMi6AbMPOKKpKapfEA===#)
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with celehner.com as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is  `blockades.org`

We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

---

## Agenda:

Please input things you would like to speak about in the meeting

1. Meet and Greet :wave: 

- kieran: arm still hurting, snowing where he is, looking forward to a snow day. living room with fire on. reviewed experiment notes

- mix: sleep dep continues, lower than last week. alanna is sick/cp/ran out of energy (Send our love <3), ziva oblivious and happy, has been working on ssb-loomio, enjoyed our last meeting

- peg: hi! fine/a bit ill/ (sound quality a little bad), excited for the experiment

- sophia: lurk mode, generally ok, thanks! thinks peg has a codec problem

- dan: pumped from last meeting, written up experiment notes, chattedd to kieran, excited to refine and share. Devised exiting ceremony for this meeting... wants that to be punchy. Slight change of pace.  

- peg: **sound is about 60% ok, can probably get by on it** , now on phone which works way better. got locked out of house when was -13 :( :( :(

- Dan
    - How can the team manage own cypto reserve
    - how it currently works, I have private agreement with each
    - hypothesis => MMT manages internal economy
    - Experiement should surface Y or N
    - Chat w kieran - if we have crypto reserve for next 6 months would be successful result of experiment
    - Any reservations?
    - a ) Create multisig wallet now
    - b ) Run through the next part of the experiment
    - Kieran = A
    - Mix = A
    - Peg = A
    - Have we all got v3.0.6?
    - Observations: The dependencies on the process => Mechanism for trust i.e. the conversation, how you share public keys, etc

2. Review Friday's meeting - what were the resolutions and action points?


2. First of the two week experiments [name=Dan]

## Thoughts for agenda items
- [ ] Kieran
    - [ ] Plan out who's going to do the next 2 week experiment so we can hit the ground running with the next one.
    - [ ] Does someone have an idea or want to volunteer, or should we revisit this next week when we've all had a week to ruminate on this.

- [ ] Dan
    - [ ] Run through [DRAFT: Experiment 000: MMT Internal Economy](https://hackmd.io/JwZgrAHCBsCmYFoBMBjFIEBYAMmBGCwAJgIwCGCEAZkQOywTbSYSzZA=?both#)
    - [ ] Multisig Ceremony
    - [ ] Venue for discussion
    - [ ] Successfully sent funds to >
- [ ] [pegs weekly ramblings to self - looking at accounting software for ideas of features that might be interesting to us](https://hackmd.io/IYRgxgLAnAZiMFpwA5gImApo4AjATAGwK5jCEAmhh+MyADMEA===?view)


### Actions from last meeting

- [x] Dan lead Primary 2 week experiment on managing MMT funds together
    - [ ] Dan to present first of fortnight experiments
    - [ ] How are we going to enact this?
- [x] mix / kieran to think about how to report back on experiments
- [ ] use #mmt channel on Patchwork for discourse
- [ ] @all can you put your 'good time next weeks what you'll focus on' -> report this on monday
- [ ] e.g. mix: to describe his savings pool experiment
- [ ] group: organise a wiki / inwards-outwards comms
