# MMT Dev Team meeting | Tuesday 8th May 2018 

![](https://media.newyorker.com/photos/5909787e019dfc3494ea30f1/master/w_1023,c_limit/Macfarlane-AWalkingTouroftheWoodWideWeb2.jpg)

The relationship between mycorrhizal fungi and the plants they connect is now known to be ancient—around four hundred and fifty million years old. [Illustration by Enzo Pérès-Labourdette](https://www.newyorker.com/tech/elements/the-secrets-of-the-wood-wide-web)

Notes from last time [here](https://hackmd.io/q4NYSYyPS-OJZWBKqnASVQ?both).

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 9.00am Tuesday 8th May UTC :clock1: (10am GMT)
**Facilitator** | Dan :panda_face: :tired_face: 
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with office.blockades.org as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is `blockades.org`. We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

---

## Checkins & Hellos

*unminuted*

## Standing Items

### Review Last Week's TODOs

* mix
    * [ ] availble for adhoc question answering
        * [ ] Especially pairing on coding!
    * [ ] peg and mix look at pairing about mmt-tags
    * [x] dan and mix to craft invite to angelica

* peg
    * [ ] think about how we can include you from NZ retreat in a way that will make you happy
    * [x] prepare selma for screaming comp at NZ gathering
    * [ ] pair with mix on mmt-metadata
    * [ ] check in with kieran to see what crazy stuff hes doing
    * [ ] call simon with dan

* kieran
    - [ ] Figure out secure location for transaction spreadsheet
    - [ ] Work with Dan on wallet privacy
    - [ ] Keep coding ssb secrets / horcrux


* dan
    * [x] Facilitating next meeting 
    * [x] Organising payments (handover?)
    * [ ] Working group on wallet privacy (with Kieran)
    * [ ] start thinking about 4 month reflection piece
    * [ ] art~hack 17th baby juggling
    * [x] prep for NZ trip
    * [x] speak with phonebox about workshops
    * [x] work with mix to craft an invite to angelica
    * [x] email reply simon

* alanna
    - [x] Process thoughts about retreat and draft outline and some prompts

* phonebox
    * [ ] available for helping folks work through content for a workshop


### Comms Check-in
*We said we wanted to check in on how comms is working for us each week.*


## Agenda Items

### 1. Retreat!

#### A. 

Here is the hackmd: https://hackmd.io/am-2GlN6RfqhwkR2WYKupw#

action points:

- add your meal to the roster on the doc
- note any supplies you need on the doc
- respond to the [pre-flection survey](https://goo.gl/forms/AlqiJliUVSm5CTg23)
- talk to pbox about your session(s)

Here is the ssb thread: %FjYjfo/1v6fnLY9+Jn3+QwuR5NZNFQ93+smh/StyU38=.sha256

- gonna be responsive as we're a small group
- phonebox: gonna check in with folx about workshops so that we can check what's on the table and an actual map of workshops
    - REQUEST: please contact phonebox!


#### B.


### 2. Other Agenda Items...

- dan: [PROPOSAL] [Illustration a Multisig with Angela](%j7dIyweh5uqTR28VzOO5ShMYybEDSMc2dTc366wPD44=.sha256) sign off on the offer to angela:
    %N9oXctOrlv2D3W1S9pvsSvT9IlyRbRpI1ITULJpTQ84=.sha256


OFFER:

%N9oXctOrlv2D3W1S9pvsSvT9IlyRbRpI1ITULJpTQ84=.sha256

> Hi Angelica!
> 
> The whole team were really surprised and delighted by your illustrations of Alannas post.
> 
> We'd like to offer a short term agreement of 2 days work at a rate of 200 EUR per day (400 EUR total) to be completed over the next 2-4 weeks based on this thread Illustration: An Experiment.
> 
> Payment can either be in NZD, EUR, GBP (or another fiat sent through the plumbing minus fees) or cash in person in NZ or BTC.
> 
> We were thinking we'd love to have you run through 1-2 of our guides (perhaps while in NZ), ask questions, and create a rough illustration to help others understand the essential ideas (something similar to your first offering).
> We'd love to talk about more of the details about what this could look like :)
> 
> regards
> dan & mix
> 

- dan: Who is doing this fortnights payments?
- dan: mmt pub
- dan: should we stop announcing meetings on loomio? (I have not done it for the last couple of meetings :uh-oh: )


### Experiment Cycle Overview

index threads recap and catch up 
- [Exp 000: **Multisig Discussions** - week 2018-03-05](%xx/fWWQemQHfYIT+qfM/89evywhmDrvBbFVuhiMNWZE=.sha256)
- [Exp 001: **BTC pay experiment** - week 2018-03-19](%gdC9S8aT68gHvWDgaudFqHq6BN6rQqxszpTemPA6c9c=.sha256)
- [Exp 002: **BTC pay experiment** - week 2018-03-26](%o/Aw9G4kQTTauCi2x6ZphPcnPPqWEvR58rTkzc2wKYQ=.sha256)
- [Exp 003: **Coconut Death Roleplay** - week 2018-04-10](%4IvRh+qWr3uVT3hyvuQ+HaysaWxB+IlQ9xR4E/6FlSY=.sha256)
- [Exp 004: **Coconut Death Roleplay** - week 2018-04-24](%FxK4GdAWVVEsWxn5Iz6nOlp2YM7TCm09zFwiojxphsw=.sha256)


## Next meeting: 

- dan: Who is facillitating?

## Next Week's TODOs

* mix
    * [ ] connect with peg (mmt-tags)
    * [ ] connect with phonebox (workshop)
    * [ ] preflection
    * [ ] sous-chef wages payment

* peg
    * [ ] connect with mix
    * [ ] pre-flection
    * [ ] head chef wages payment
  
* kieran
    * [ ] facilitate next meetings
    * [ ] preflection

* dan
    * [ ] Dan will be away Tuesday 15th with Nova so may not be able to attend meeting
    * [ ] Get to NZ
    * [ ] Retreat prep stuff (food shopping etc)
    * [ ] Contact JV about beds
    * [ ] Find Stew Pot
    * [ ] Send offer to angelica
    * [ ] preflection
    * [ ] Working group on wallet privacy (with Kieran)
    * [ ] start thinking about 4 month reflection piece
    * [ ] art~hack 17th baby juggling

* alanna
    * [ ] coordinate pre-flection survey

* phonebox
    * [ ] connect with people running workshops

