# MMT Dev Team meeting | 5th/6th Feb 2018

---

Notes from last time: https://www.loomio.org/d/3LiKCNda/-meeting-monday-8-45pm-utc

---
## Agenda

- [x] checkin with how people are feeling about mmt, like a temperature check! [name=dan]
- [x] finalise next steps for rails app QA [name=dan]
    - [x] essentially we individually keep going with testing
    - [x] Totalling our [current testing spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IFkyYQxqeXkfZFOVrDQJBna5JJ4aWHXdBFDPHNVvBzg/edit#gid=0) to see if it matches what is currently in the central reserve (as of 5/2/18 it is funds worth BTC 18.65683530) -this is a bit tricky to immediately tell as we have not always added the BTC rate. [name=peg]
    - [x] dan to report back about local testing
    - [x] we're not abandoning the rails app so we can keep this testing going in side channels, issues and in pairs
    - [ ] dan & kieran to work with 'valueflows' folks to review terms and language within the app to start exploring standardization of terms (https://github.com/valueflows/valueflows/issues/142)
    
      > [name=mix irving] is this just something to be curious and explore? I like value flows but don't really understand why we would continue with the Rails app

- [x] discuss redesigning 'MVP' https://www.loomio.org/d/izHukXb7/-mip-002-updated-mvp-towards-multi-sig-sharded-social-backups-and-a-p2p-exchange-coordination-space [name=dan]
    - [x] how do we start to have this discussion?
    - [x] what are the next steps?
    - [x] dan and kieran (and nikolai) have started exploring social-wallet here: https://hackmd.io/JwMwjAHAxgTApsAtGAhgNgOyICwoMwyLTqLAQCsmADMFWCFQEZA=?both
    - [x] mix wants to zoom out and check:
      - are we finding groups and serving them
      - are we making tech for groups and then giving it to group we findl
      - how do we know whether new tools / solutions are achieving what we want?

---

Notes


## Rails app QA

the QA and testing is gonna continue with Dan's instance.
We're gonna continue as pairs + leave comments
18.65683

mix: I'd like a time window in which we're doing testing.
  dan: maybe another 2 weeks?
Kieran: 2 weeks sounds good.
nab: -
peg: tried totalling up to check expectations of reserve, found it quite difficult
dan: propose a working group to figure out how to do testing.


## MVP conversation / what next

mix: .... <rant>
    Is there a way of using a cheap (in terms of time) tech, like a multi sig wallet, that we could use instead of finding a group with simmilar morals to ours.
  
Kieran:  working  working  working 
  re: afrotech, it's a group that's very nascent. Could be somet working  working hing in the future
  
Dan: initial customer is _me_. I would repeat the onboarding of more people if the mechanism that didn't involve me managing all the keys.
  - had a conversation with GreaterThan about giving them a grant, and I started with some questions about how they're managing their keys

Nab: What are some of the things that we are requiring for our experiment?
 * Redundancy
 * Backups
 * Community access

Mix: What is it we value:
  - I want to onboard more people to crypto currencies
  - I want people joining to have a good time
    - e.g. help people with backups, or multisig
    - these should be experiments
  - I want to have a good time and note feel super responsible
    - e.g. I don't want to hold peoples keys


Mix: Shard keys, how painful or useful is multisig? 

Dan: Interpreting mix, we want to simplify the experiment, rather than it being a large investment with possiblity of o usecase.

Dan: working group?

Dan: previous I sharded people keys and sent them out. I would explain how those backups worked
Mix: didn't know you had done that already!

Kieran: here's some feedback. Someone what completely confused 

Dan: I did this with 5 people who couldn't make the workshops. People were thankful but a bit ... didn't want to mess with it.

NAB: if you shard the key, at one point it gets recreated
  yep, this is about backups

Peg: seems like we've discussed the secrets sharding. Could we play with a multi-sig wallet?

summary (peg):
  - spoke about testing over the next week
  - spoke about how to solve problem of socially managing crypto
    - could have a working group discussing + researching

summary (kieran):
  - rails 1 week test "
  - having avenues for testing in real life:
    - we noticed Dan had already done sharding
    - we could try with GreaterThan, or other groups

summary (dan):
  - kieran is leading on Rails QA
  - mix soliciting feedback from initial sharding experience (kieran to help. pacific : mix, UK : kieran)
  - Proposing sharding private keys with groups
  - mix coordinating depositing with greaterThan
  - peg connect with Kieran to expand and explore social wallet
  - kieran catch up with Cryptonites - setup endowment with sharded wallet (afro tech fest) - how would they accept a crypto donation - what was the technical implementation, whats the onboarding process, how did the onboarding process go? Listening to users.
  - dan talk with cryptokities
  - 


Sofia: Listen! 
Dan: Note people's questions? Attach an impression of what we've heard?
Sofia: Flag - listening as an important thing!!!!
Mix: Interviewing, pair non-technical with technical.
Dan: Action point - how do we interview?


## Actions

- kieran 
  - [ ] Rails testing (Kieran) - coordinate testing via Keybase (make a doc telling others what is expected desired from the testing)
  - [ ]  catch up with Cryptonites - setup endowment with sharded wallet (afro tech fest)
  - connect with mix to review the cryptonites endowment process

- mix
  - [ ]  write up values of what we're trying to achieve (e.g. a good time for ... )
  - [ ]  coordinating depositing with greaterThan
  - [ ]  coordinating with Kieran to review about the experience of walking new groups through processing grants

- peg
  - [ ]  connect with Kieran to expand and explore social wallet

- dan
  - [ ]  talk with cryptokitties
  - [ ]  organise the next group call
  - [ ]  organise high level review of interviewing and learning
















