# [meeting] Software Meet-up Minutes 29/01/2018

last meeting notes : https://hackmd.io/AwFgTAZgbAjBCGBaCBWeNEgEb2IgnAByFQFYQQgpgCm88W+QA===#

## Agenda

Meeting length: 
- Mix has a meeting at 10pm UTC (@ 1 hour 15 mins)

- [ ] Congrats on the workshop
- [x] testing Blockades-MMT
- [x] Code update

### Congrats on the workshop!

### Testing Blockades-MMT
* Share screencast explaining how to log transactions in the system and in a corresponding spreadsheet for testing
(Screencast is in keybase: team/blockades.mmt folder)
* Demonstration of http://blockades-mmt.herokuapp.com/auth/login
* Dan's local testing
* Make sure everyone has app loggins

Spreadsheet link : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IFkyYQxqeXkfZFOVrDQJBna5JJ4aWHXdBFDPHNVvBzg/edit?usp=sharing


### Code update

* Spreadsheet import
* Exchanges

### Feedback

- The integer representation of the coins when depositing or doing anything is unclear.
- Error messages are in blue (expect them to be red and stand out)
- Allocation display amount doesn't backfill integer amount
  - interestingly this worked in the deposit screen (entered 100 in the RH field, and LH field auto-filled)
- Error messages aren't as clear as they could be
- When making a transaction, i cannot see the amount of the coin im selling until the point at which i enter an amount of the coin to be debited.  "You have ... to sell". if i enter the amount in the 'credit' currency i never see how much of the debiting currency i have. (peg)



## phonebox's reflections 
---
### Question: 

* How does this interact with wallets?
* How can I trust this is real ... ? 

### Response:
* Currently, it doesnt. Its based on a SQL database. It has no integration with any blockchain technology
* All value transfer in this meeting was a simulation [name=kieran]

---

### Question:
- is this based on a legit accounting system
- double entry accounting can be confusing if you are not familiar - debit/credit can seem counter inuitive - balancing intuitive representation and not obscuring accounting reality by misnaming, usabilitu challenge

### Response:
* Based on double entry accounting system. Satisfies the equation: Assets = Liabilities + Equity
* We've intentionally used accounting language to be as clear as possible and to not misrepresent. E.g. Use of words such as Liability, Asset and Equity. Credit and Debit. 
* More explanation of how credit and debit can seem counterintuitive? 
* To credit a value is to add that value to an already existing stake. 
* To debit a value is to remove that value from an existing stake. [name=kieran]

---
### Question:
- where are the market rates coming from? - should be explicit

### Response: 
- Immediate solution in order to have some data to play with, though not intended as long-term solution, market rates were drawn from Bittrex and Coinbase APIs. 
- Discussion has existed on how to store these, but not necessarily how to GET/SET them. If this proceeds, its an important discussion.
- Recognise Coinbase + other exchanges set their own rates sometimes intentionally to manipulate market. [name=kieran]
- All ears for ideas...

---
### Question:

- what does 'decimal equivalent' actually mean? it's not like you are entering the amount in binary...

### Response
- Values are stored as Integers, not flating points or decimals. 
- Integers are sent from the front end. To truly represent what a person is going to receive, [name=Nikolai] thought it would be best we force users to enter Integers. I believed this would likely lead to confusion. It has.
- Decimal equivalent then means the equivalent of the integer. For example, a single bitcoin can be divided by 10^8. Smallest value is 1 satoshi, or 0.00000001. As an integer, this is represented as 1. Therefore 1 Bitcoin would be 100000000 in the integer field. And on the right it would then be showing 1.00000000. [name=kieran]

---
### Question
- future evolution of use case scenarios seems like something that would in turn strengthen and guide technical design decisions. might be worth zooming out and clarifying methodology for this.

### Response
* Agreed, since the original intention of this software has changed since its conception, a reassessment needs to be made before proceeding IMHO. [name=kieran]

---
### Question
- if the database and the software don't match this will tell you something is broken - but how will it help you fix it? - somehow it suggests that the software is, or contains, a black box that you don't completely trust...

### Response
- I built it, I've used it, I have personally tested it and most importantly, I trust it. Since we're dealing with money, recognition from the group of trust is important rather than just my word. Nikolai has wanted the transaction system tested. I've wanted it tested for some sense of checking my work since I've been coding most of it and I'm not a mathmatician or accountant [name=kieran]


## Actions

- kieran - check for meeting time in 2 days and confirm






