# MMT Dev Team meeting | 26th/27th Mar 2018 

Notes from last time [here](https://hackmd.io/f4wRK4l0TA2m5MyUQruXrg).

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 7.45pm Monday 26th UTC :clock1: (8.45pm GMT)
**Facilitator** | Alanna üêå 
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with celehner.com as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is  `blockades.org`. We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

---


## Checkins & Hellos

*unminuted*

## Standing Items

### MMT comms check-in

* Round - how's everyone finding it?
* Fishbowl from last time: %PS8WPx43a7+ds1REHGZAaxs/owDoWywt2kuqkIEFmP0=.sha256
* Fishbowl this time? 
* Decided not to fishbowl as Dan anyway out and lots to talk about
* Dan: we're spending time in meetings working out technical question we could take outside the weekly meetings - notice the balance
   
### Review Last Week's TODOs

* [ ] all: get your wallet receives to kieran / mix

Alanna
- [x] Go through MMT guides
- [x] Prep next meeting agenda

Dan
- [x] figure out github permissions and PR process (kieran and peg PRs to guides) <--- have made whole mmt team admins
- [x] Find out who next weeks faciliatotor (can alanna do again, or should we reassign?) <--- Alanna :)

Mix
- Has moved the wiki into mmt_resources (main repo) and merged the mmt_guides there as well.  To keep everything in one place.  Any problems?
- Paying people felt really empowering and learnt a lot from it.  
- [x] Check peg's github wiki permissions (sort github guide permisions, maybe org perms)
- [x] try description field in Electrum transaction
- [x] Electrum multisig transfer using plugin
- [x] connect with Kieran on scuttlebutt horcrux

Kieran
- [ ] Start recording issues/questions that come up during payment process - decide where to keep that content - This has been put into a hackmd, along with the transaction log, but this is a temporary solution and needs some thought.
Alanna: Could we use github issues?
* [x] peg & kieran Move BTC from old 4 multi sig wallet to current 6 multi sig wallet 

Peg
- [ ] report back from Just Listening (outside the fishbowl) in ssb :)

Questions (about electrum cosigned txs)
- [ ] how to check signatories
- [ ] are descriptions public?
    - [ ] who can see them?
- [ ] what sort of things need to be recorded?
  - who got paid
  - what for?
- [ ] where do we put the questions / questions bucket for particular experiments


## Agenda Items

### 1. Experiments Report Back

*Prompts: Where are we around the circle with each? Go to next step, circle back, or end?*

Peg: Its been two weeks, maybe we carry on doing what we are doing and also take it further
Alanna:  Lets find where we are on the circle and maybe evaluate what weve done
 


#### A. Internal Economy: Paying Ourselves

Kieran: It was a sucessful experience asynch so we could check everything thoroughly, but more fun synced. We made some bad mistakes (factor of 10!) but we fixed it. It was empowering and positive overall.

Had some problems with electrum crashing
Accountablilty is an issue, you cant see who created/signed a transaction.  You can save contacts but this doesnt solve the problem.

If this was an async thing we were all doing 'freely' this would be a major problem -no accountability.  We dont want to use the blockchain for this because of privacy.  This is something to think about.

Dispute resolution is linked to this transparency issue, we need an interface that gives accountability

Alanna: Could I see the transactions?
K: Yep but not really who did them.
Alanna: So the co-signers can see that they made them but everybody else cant?
K: Yes
Alanna: We are kind of assuming that since two people signed them they are trustable.
There was an interesting thread about Dan being paid/paying himself. Any comments?
k: I supported the idea of dan being paid and im glad hes joining - feels levelling
A: I have been part of groups where some people didn't get paid and it created weird dynamics - glad dan is getting paid.

Peg: how might a plugin work with our needs for transparency/accountability? Would only work if we always used it.

* Dan has added to the ["MMT Internal Economy" thread](%xx/fWWQemQHfYIT+qfM/89evywhmDrvBbFVuhiMNWZE=.sha256) and [MMT Internal Economy Questions](%Doj3DmhzYgUpYwIUh7xXG4d5kByQDJjK+PYYei7+UJw=.sha256) threads.
* Mix updated the [BTC Payment Experiment](%gdC9S8aT68gHvWDgaudFqHq6BN6rQqxszpTemPA6c9c=.sha256) thread.

*Reflection: How does it feel to get paid?*

Is the transparency/accountability thing the most important to work on next?

K: everyone should have a go at making payments too

Dan & Peg will make the next payments

Rates were set as average over the last week

Alanna would like to pair with somebody about existing tools - cobudget and open-collective, to look at whether these projects address the issue we are having to avoid reinventing the wheel

K: yes but time issues, ...

Peg to facilitate next set of meetings

Dan: Happy that he's now recieivng payments too, part of a cosmic return!

#### B. Other Experiments

* [True Name / Sharding](%qHZCXd0spsGVlEvMrvkZHVtndgYNOHxZFiVZm1+tplA=.sha256) - Keiran

Kieran did sharding experiment with Cryptonites. Was a bit improvised, but raised interesting questions about privacy/security. Raised a lot of emotions, responsibility for looking after other people's money. If doing it again, would plan it differently. Breaking down relationships with money. Brought stuff to the surface.

* [Archives/Documentation](%QIaDmLHVlmb/Pd8Q4XUSXSAVVfj/ovSmIQTDbnAwA3Y=.sha256) - Mix

Started moving everything into one repo. Wiki now points to it. Moved Guides repo into MMT resources. Made page for minutes that links out.

* [Scuttlebutt Business Mode](%RebY3A4SHIWUCFVXxm3CVWyQNJhO3q5XdIaCGhfNc/w=.sha256) - Phonebox
* [Beginnings of a nonsence word password generator](https://github.com/ameba23/pwgen2)

Password managers have this functionality built in. Maybe we don't need an external tool. Might still be worthwhile as a learning experience though.

### 2. Other Agenda Items...

* move meeting time (mix)
    * timezones have changed, as have our routines with small humans. Let's revise!

--> 9PM NZT next time

* quick feedback about cryptonites meeting in London [name=kieran]

## Next Week's TODOs

peg

- [ ] look into plugin helping accountability/transparency in transactions
- [ ] facilitate next meeting
- [ ] make this week's payments with dan

alanna

- [ ] look into other tools and how they've solved transparency/accountability issues like we're having (cobudget, open collective) - could that functionality help us? - pair with mix
- [x] set up next meeting time for 9PM NZT

kieran

- [ ] Think about where to put problems that arise in payment process - github issues?

mix
- [ ] pair with kieran on SSB code



