# MMT Dev Team meeting | 10th April 2018 

Notes from last time [here](https://hackmd.io/rxQdczLgT8mIceeDXGk3XQ?both#).

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 9.00am Tuesday 10th April UTC :clock1: (10am GMT)
**Facilitator** | Peg
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with celehner.com as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is  `blockades.org`. We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

---


## Checkins & Hellos

*unminuted*

## Standing Items

### Review Last Week's TODOs

- peg:
    - [x] add address reuse to github issues
    - [ ] consider going to catalunya...
    - [x] btc euro rate calculator https://blooming-lowlands-17270.herokuapp.com/ 
- dan:
    - [x] Setup new 4 of 5 long term wallet with @peg
        - [x] move a small amount of dust to the wallet
    - [ ] dan and mix pair on git-ssb (NOT NEEDED)
    - [x] kieran and dan pair on git-ssb
    - [x] BACKPAY prods

- alanna:
    - [x] pair with mix to do payouts from electrum
    - [x] financial tools review 
        - [ ] ssb: %ZZNbHaazOkRYuZDz0rDLQOwVcDoLhJ4CL8B1HDJhutc=.sha256
        - [ ] hackmd: https://hackmd.io/aDMzMPV8S0ORdVKyHrboHQ?view#

- mix
was supposed to not work on mmt this week but ended up having to spend some time on payments and wallet setup

### Comms Check-in
*We said we wanted to check in on how comms is working for us each week.*

Alanna: I'm just checking the ssb #mmt channel... don't know if I'm missing other stuff

Kieran: just been using ssb some, have been traveling. Haven't looked at keybase in quite a while. Things seem ok.

Peg: I think at the moment we have to assume if we didn't put it on ssb, then people might not have read it. But I get email notifications for the other things.

Phonebox: I am reading 1/2 times a week. I don't feel comfortable speaking there (in public channels). It's mainly about control about who follows me and ___ (sorry missed that last bit)

Mix:
- all going well
- you can right click on messages to get a link if you'd like to reference it in a private message




## Agenda Items

### 0. Phonebox

phonebox reporting back about their time and possible future 

original loomio: https://www.loomio.org/d/kO3LiMcD/founders-of-the-workers-coop/46

phonebox: 
  - have been taking the role of communicating things which feel uncomfortable or might bear critical engagement
  - I notice other concerns I've had have been covered by other people in the group. I wonder if I don't need to be in that role so much. Perhaps it would be good to review that role.
  - I'm open to input on how that could go
  
mix:
  - sounds like it could be interesting to capture some reflections about what that hat is
  - perhaps we could all learn from wearing that hat, and I wonder if you're interested in wearing other hats too

alanna:
  - I'd love to hear what you're excited about doing

kieran:
  - what would you like to contribute / what skills would you like to bring to this space

danh:
  - have really appreciated your input
  - are you interested in coming along for more of the journey?

phonebox:
  - I'm gonna go away and write up some thoughts
  - it's been challenging and rewarding, and like the group
  - one thing like to contribute -> help clarify direction

mix:
  - feels like you add a set of experiences which I haven't experienced would like to know that better.

dan:
  - where should we send thoughts?

phonebox:
  - private msg on ssb or keybase


### 1. Experiments Report Back

#### A. Internal Economy: Paying Ourselves

- blocks on weekly pay - [details](%5/yCRR5YjnxAItzxLwYdmebqRpXGu7VZlHsxbpMG7dY=.sha256)
- Recording transaction data - [thread](%04aKpnYLPZOnJ80UO4G5jwTfZo9yFUGTodzohyUS2AE=.sha256)
  - what's our immediate solution
  - is there a thing which we can build for others in the future
- 4 of 5 Long term wallet
	- :heavy_check_mark: setup complete?
	- :heavy_check_mark: transfer money in - test first?
- Coconut death roleplay :pineapple: :palm_tree: 
  - I'm super excited for this. Also love the title -- [name=mix]
  - dan and kieran die ... we need 4 peers. We need to recover one persons shard
    - we use the recovered shard to move the 50c to the new wallet

#### B. Other Experiments

### 2. Other Agenda Items...

- [x] Kieran dropping form 5 -> 3 days
  - I'm travelling!
  - 5 days is too much!
- [x] Alanna capacity update: increasing to 2 days
  - gonna work 2.5 days a week - 2 days MMT, 0.5 days OpenCollective
- [x] Peg +1 day
  - up to 2 days a week!
  - we're going to reassess in ~June
    - Dan: we'll probably find another 6 months will be good 
- [x] (`agenda item 0` ^^) phonebox reporting back about their time and possible future role
- [x] Mix is temporarily dropping down MMT work to work on TickTack for a week or two.
  - keen to have self reported work rate because it's active way to reflect on what we're working
  - peg: we could just have a 'price for doing the job on average'
  - phonebox: employee vs freelancer
  - mix: ... here we're something else? 
  - dan: I'm interested in talking about tax too
- [x] dan has made encrypted git on keybase for pay documents
  - gonna be discussed in documentation thread 
- [ ] NZ gathering (alanna, dan, kieran, mix, phonebox(?), (+ ziva and nova))
  - TODO: thread >>>
  - May
- [x] kieran and dan working on ssb interdependent sharding backups
  - have been working on sharding in our community and thinking about for other communities
  - e.g. secrets implementation in ssb
  - been riffing on protocol ideas for backing up
  - mix: Kieran hit me up with code questions
- [x] cryptonites starting btc multisig internal wallet
  - started using the multi-sig documentation!
- [ ] kieran is going to [Network Convergence](%YhsZK3J0kw8iHIPYGn66m7SDCl0Jk9v2a1OTQF+56VE=.sha256) (greaterthan event)
  - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m6WvfqndYOG8bdAqo4mXUEIJWOtNYe74rslcHrypHU4/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=102397445352980551692](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1m6WvfqndYOG8bdAqo4mXUEIJWOtNYe74rslcHrypHU4/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=102397445352980551692)

  - [ ] https://mailchi.mp/greaterthan.finance/network-convergence
    - mix: ooooo! jealous
    - mix: are there other people we want to mix into that?
      - mix already cc'd a bunch of people into that
    - dan: guy james (fair coop), aspasia? matt slatts (@matslats) , brett scott


## Next Week's TODOs

*who will do payments? Kieran initiate / peg sign


peg: 
  - [ ] write a manual for a pay-to-many for electrum
  - [ ] Pair with Alanna to think how to record payment information
  - [ ] Sign payments together with kieran
  - [ ] Initiate coconut death roleplay
 

dan: 
  - [ ] Look into issues about tax/recieving money/freelancing
  
mix: on break doing Ticktack, available for contact + questions

alanna: 
  - [ ] Pair with peg to think about recording payment information
  - [ ] shard long term wallet seed
  - [ ] pair with peg on where/how to record our transaction log

kieran: 
  - [ ] ask aspacia (dyne) about going to network convergence
  - [ ] code questions for mix
  - [ ] find location for TrueName for easier accessibility
  - [ ] generate weekly pay tx's and notify peg to sign 

peg + alanna:
  - pairing on solution for transaction/ pay record

all : 
  - due dilligence (backup/ sharding of wallet)
     


