# MMT Dev Team meeting | 12th/13th Mar 2018 

Notes from last time [here](https://hackmd.io/X68ht4FQRxaeaDOIOKhJRw?view).

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 8.45pm Monday 12th UTC :clock1: 
**Facilitator** | Alanna ðŸŒ 
**Agenda** | [this document](https://hackmd.io/fo4NEeAdQvOWmHtfYmBaBQ)
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with celehner.com as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is  `blockades.org`. We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

---

## Agenda:

***Request**: Please add anything missing to the 'other agenda items' section at the end.*

## Checkins & Hellos
* Alanna: alannas mum is in nz, nice to be able to both attend meeting
* dan: good, new tuesday schedule, time to settle. hanging with lil bro. Got a cold! Exciting to be here :smile: 
* kieran: Alright, arm is slowly on the mend which is frustrating, needing more sleep and generally tired. Other than that plodding along and alright :)
* mix: had a long night - started an epic argument with mother in law and then read awesome scifi. Mixed bag :S Blended head. Has been working on ssb-loomio which has been rewarding. Got updates!
* peg:  nice to hear has family around for folkx. has had an interesting week/end - blockchain week interesting and then a linux conference at the weekend which was massive and interesting, lots of talk - non-stop talks - super interesting


alanna: running through agenda, todos, comms platforms, full-circle model run through review/consideration, EXPERIMENT feedbacks, which EXP next?
   
## Review Last Week's TODOs

- dan's todos:
    - [x] dan: to help phonebox with ssb
    - [x] dan: to pass phonebox links to current guides
    - [x] dan: will try to find a way of probing mix and kierans stuff [WIP experinent reporting](https://hackmd.io/fBsgIa4BQeq8tYzKi4hhRw) 
    - [ ]  dan: will give to brother and watch over shoulder and feedback (dan TODO)
    -  [x] peg: how do you do async without leaving open electrum (dan TODO)
    -  [x] dan: get to bottom of seeds with peg in ssb
    -  [x] mix: do we need a new wallet to receive? (dan will look into a guide for this) (dan TODO)
    -  [ ] mix: how to convert crypto -> fiat (dan TODO) -> Kieran would like to be privy to/part of conversation!
    -  [ ] mix: strategies to the above (dan TODO)

- kieran's todos:
    - [x] kieran: will review mix's btc guide
    - mix: document on passwords managers and minimum yes or no for if they are suitable for beginners
        - [x] kieran has done some work & will take this on as a todo
            - [Overview](https://hackmd.io/KLW-Eom3TQKfVTurZGLQ9Q####1-user-interface)
            - [MasterPassword Guide](https://github.com/blockades/mmt-guides/blob/masterpassword/masterpassword.md#1-installation)

- alanna's todo:
    - Alanna: 
    - [x] facilitate next meeting
    - dan: 
      - [ ] go through guides as a beginner
      - [ ] experiment feedback
    - mix:
      - [ ] bigger view feedback
      - [ ] accountability
      - [ ] online engagement in #mmt channel

- peg's todos:
    - peg: will give to partner (mix btc guide) and feedback: On patchwork: %oGTY4Sh1WXqcoiDWN8DsDXR2S+pRrg6SdwJ+lgnXms4=.sha256

- mix's dones:
    - savings pools meetup with expert
    - has been on ssb with the guides
    - other?


## Comms Platforms

* We've been talking on #mmt on SSB - working well
* Loomio subgroup is a thing
    * had a consensus about regular chat going on ssb #mmt
    * loomio subgroup has been setup to lower noise for rest of ecosystem
* HackMD issues - what do?
	* Different service?
	* Host own HackMD instance?
	* HackMD is ok for ephemeral stuff, but if you put a lot of work into a guide it should move elsewhere. Don't use it as an archive.

## Thinking Tool: Full Circle

Briefly touch on the [Full Circle](https://medium.com/enspiral-tales/beyond-dreamers-vs-doers-full-circle-leadership-869557da1248#.5j5xhhd7e) model and answer any questions. 

**Discussion:** Regarding the MMT project as a whole, what stage are we at?

***Suggestion:** Focus for now on the Full Circle in terms of project progression, and save using it as a tool for measuring team/individual leadership strengths/weaknesses for another time.*

![](https://i.imgur.com/SwXVN1C.jpg)


## Experiments: Report Back

Suggested format:

* Remind everyone what your experiment was about. Why did we run it?
* What stages of the Full Circle model have you gone through? 
* What happend and what did you learn? Any barriers to engagement? Highs/lows?
* Where to from here: proceed to the next stage around the circle, loop back to a previous stage to learn more, or end experiment? 
* How does your experiment support the overall journey of MMT around the circle?

Ref: [Thoughts on how to report back from experiments](https://hackmd.io/fBsgIa4BQeq8tYzKi4hhRw#)

***Request:** If you've decided to end your current experiment and start something new for the next time period, save that discussion for the next section of the agenda, and keep the focus on the past two weeks for now.*

### Main Experiment: Multi-sig Wallet

*Dan reporting back*

innaugural experiment - can we manage out own economy ? (payment, wages, etc)

There was a pressing need about a bank account in the UK getting closed. But also a desire and hope to stop being a purse-holder.

Value : you can't have true power without the accounts being transparents and a collective endeavour

**progress**
We spent 6 weeks sensing and inquiring.
Had a key meeting where we envisioned runing our own internal economy.
Prototyped with multi-sig wallet.
Now we're looking at evaluation, heading toward operationalising.

Mix: itching for the first payment to go through the prototype so we can properly evaluate the process.

**learning & highs/lows**
- Doing it async takes more time (Dan doesn't mind slowness)
- contrast between sync ritual we did before and async process, former had more togetherness. Doing it alone diluted the experience.
- Nikolai got added as a surprise - kind of a bummer not to know it was coming
- Brought up emotions about working in a group, transitioning from 1 to 1 relationship. Baggage of hierarchy. 
	- How to value your own work and contribution? Dificulties valuing myself.
	- Open and accountable to group - what is my place? What's our relationship?

peg: a lot of discussions in the last week have been focused on the seed. I'd like to focus on the more social stuff - our decision making process about payments


**key questions**

* process for people joining and leaving
* what emotions are we having?
* decision making process for payments

dan: I can hear you all perfectly but can't speak

- reflections
	- notice that we could only do the async setup AFTER we have done the ceremony - don't think we could have done it first (agree with mix it was less fun)
        - @kieran I think the question of value especially comes up when we're in a bit of the circle where our strength ARE NOT (i.e. I notice that Kierans strengths are less in the envision stage which feels which is where we have been for the last 6 - 8 weeks etc) - this is interesting :)
        - sorry my infra is so shit all the time :(

**where to from here?**

Preliminary operationalisation: make some payments and learn what we can. Might go back and update prototype or go all the way back to sensing, or might move to bed the process in further.

* Use the multi-sig wallet
  - pay wages
  - spend some shared money on something
* Convert crypto to fiat
* Phonebox offers to be a sounding board to reflect on personal aspects of these experiments, draw out themes

Proposal: pay a week's wages x 2, discuss in #mmt on SSB

Mix and Keiran to take this forward

Pre-requisites for paying 1 weeks wages:
  - what's the rate? ( 200 EU => ? BTC )
  - make the transactions
  - what's each persons week rate?
  - what's each wallet


### Experiment: Keiran

Made some progress with offline sharding tool

NOTE: we should put Kieran's stuff earlier in the meeting to make easier


### Experiment: Peg

Looking at this Copay wallet. Looking at people exploring making it more accessible

Looking at distinguishing seperating versus joining


## Next week's TODOs

dan:
-  [ ] mix: how to convert crypto -> fiat (dan TODO)
-  [ ] mix: strategies to the above (dan TODO)
-  [x] put currency in the wallet

mix:
-  [ ] start a discussion in #mmt about archive location
-  [ ] pair with kieran on SSB code
-  [ ] start multi-sig wallet for Protozoa

keiran:
-  [ ] help phonebox with SSB experience
    -  Organise phonecall and liaise on Keybase
-  [ ] pair with Mix on making first payments from the multi-sig wallet
    -  Organise phonecall - @mix when do you have a spare moment?

alanna:
- [ ] go through guides
- [ ] check in with dan about connectivity/accessibility 

peg:
- [ ] start discussion about converting to fiat on SSB
- [ ] keep in mind what it might be like for other groups to go through this process in the future