# MMT Dev Team meeting | 20th April 2018 

Notes from last time [here](https://hackmd.io/gr_AC_WhQsehVLDslcewgw?both).

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 9.00am Friday 20th April UTC :clock1: (10am GMT)
**Facilitator** | Peg
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with celehner.com as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is  `blockades.org`. We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

---


## Checkins & Hellos

*unminuted*

## Standing Items

### Review Last Week's TODOs

peg: 
  - [x] write a manual for a pay-to-many for electrum
  - [x] Pair with Alanna to think how to record payment information
  - [x] Sign payments together with kieran
  - [x] Initiate coconut death roleplay 

dan: 
  - [ ] Look into issues about tax/recieving money/freelancing
  - [x] catch up with phonebox - think about future contrib
  - [x] invite people to catalunia event (tick once confirmed)
      - [ ] aspasia [dyne](http://freecoin.dyne.org/)
      - [ ] jaromil [dyne](http://freecoin.dyne.org/)
      - [ ] mat slatts [community currency engineer](http://matslats.net/)
      - [x] jaya [researcher, decode, dcent](http://distributingchains.info/)
      - [x] eliaas [b9lab](https://www.b9lab.com/)
      - [ ] brett scott [researcher](https://twitter.com/Suitpossum)
      - [x] kieran
      - [x] peg
      - [ ] guy james [faircoop](https://guyjames.com/)


  - [x] pair with kieran on interdependent backups
  - [x] top up btc wallet (2of6)
  - [x] call JV about NZ retreat
  - [x] start NZ retreat workshop, logistics threads
  
mix: on break doing Ticktack, available for contact + questions

alanna: 
  - [x] shard long term wallet seed
  - [x] pair with peg on where/how to record our transaction log

kieran: 
  - [ ] ask aspacia (dyne) about going to network convergence
    - [x
    - [ ] ] dan did this email
  - [x] code questions for mix
  - [ ] find location for TrueName for easier accessibility
  - [x] generate weekly pay tx's and notify peg to sign 

all : 
  - [x] due dilligence (backup/ sharding of wallet)     


### Comms Check-in
*We said we wanted to check in on how comms is working for us each week.*

## Agenda Items



### 1. Experiments Report Back

#### A. Internal Economy: Paying Ourselves

- Alanna leaked wallet info possibly? What do.
  - TL;DR : yeah it's really public
  - is it a problem?
    - mix: not that ideal, would like to change wallet
    - dan: it's not that bad, good learning exp. raises the question about talking about level of privacy we want and how to help us design what our requirements for the future are.
    - alanna: what are the do / do not shares?
    - peg: not too concerned
    - dan: _SUPER CHUNKY_
      - --> Working group: Dan+Kieran
        --> dan: will make a thread/post in #mmt

- Coconut death roleplay :pineapple: :palm_tree: 
    - coordination needed
    - alanna + mix to try to put back the shards together
    - :warning: Please make sure this is done in a PRIVATE THREAD


- New transaction log spreadsheet

TODO: MOVE TO SANDSTORM OR OTHER WITH GITHUB LOGINS @KIERAN

#### B. Other Experiments


### 2. Other Agenda Items...

#### Suggestion to focus this meeting on stragegy discussion ([details](%uzOld+UtgDJ90aAYccklap9fBy5rIhSyfbn6d68OUuE=.sha256))

Pasting here some thought provoking questions from alanna:

> - What is the real impact we care about? (eg, make a tool for marginalised people, make something lots of people end up using, further the development of the decentralised web, work with other awesome people in this space, build what we are personally most excited about, make something people will want to hear us talk about at conferences... etc etc)
> - What would we need to say no to in order to effectively say yes to what we pick?
> - What is the right approach/timeframe to test assumptions and see if what we pick is the right track? (think about the full circle)
> - What are our constraints? (eg, if we only have 6 months we should pick something we can build and finish quickly, or if some people will quit if we don't do something on SSB, etc)

Discussion about possibly building a social wallet on ssb.

Is decentralised password backup / social sharding and a wallet two different projects, or two layers of a new kind of multi-sig?

Is using SSB the right way to go? Accessibility issues. What about Ethereum etc? But we have SSB expertise on the team.

We're likely to evolve our understanding as we go, and people might see what we've done and build it on other platforms/protocols.

*"The social layer is what's important"*

Is this going to be a client-side app with distributed data, or a web app or phone app...? We need to pick one to start with and that will inform the others in the future.

We will probably be able to go deeper on core values and strategic questions at the retreat. 


- dan: NZ retreat 'workshops'


- Update from Alanna's discussion with Pia from OpenCollective
- - Phone box new hat.  Or no hat.

## Next Week's TODOs

* who will do payments? 
* who will facillitate meeting: dan

Kieran
- [ ] Figure out secure location for transaction spreadsheet
- [ ] Work with Dan on wallet privacy
- [ ] Keep coding ssb secrets / horcrux

Alanna
- [ ] Have a think about strategy processes for distributed teams
- [ ] talk to phonebox about strategy
- [ ] Don't leak any more secrets(!) :fearful: 
- [ ] Recombine shards (with Mix)

Dan
- [ ] Facilitating next meeting 
- [ ] Organising payments
- [ ] Working group on wallet privacy (with Kieran)
- [ ] Catch up chats with phonebox future hats



