# MMT Dev Team meeting | 18th/19th Mar 2018 

Notes from last time [here](https://hackmd.io/fo4NEeAdQvOWmHtfYmBaBQ).

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 8.45pm Monday 18th UTC :clock1: 
**Facilitator** | Alanna ðŸŒ 
**Agenda** | [this document](https://hackmd.io/f4wRK4l0TA2m5MyUQruXrg)
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with celehner.com as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is  `blockades.org`. We'll be on keybase before the call if you have any challenges.

---


## Checkins & Hellos

mix: lets try not minuting checkins!

   
## Review Last Week's TODOs

dan:
-  [ ] mix: how to convert crypto -> fiat (dan TODO)
-  [ ] mix: strategies to the above (dan TODO)
-  [x] put currency in the wallet

mix:
-  [x] start a discussion in #mmt about archive location
    -  %QIaDmLHVlmb/Pd8Q4XUSXSAVVfj/ovSmIQTDbnAwA3Y=.sha256
-  [ ] pair with kieran on SSB code
-  [x] make first multi-sig payments with Kieran
-  [x] start multi-sig wallet for Protozoa
    -  receive: `bc1q3jt5l7nny9q275nqmezmgfvvlr4mcvj4fcxw632w5fzq7x92kf3qj8mv6g` 
-  [x] (new) : help phonebox with scuttlebutt

keiran:
-  [ ] help phonebox with SSB experience (passed to Mix as was Ill!)
-  [x] pair with Mix on making first payments from the multi-sig wallet

alanna:
- [ ] go through guides
- [x] Prep next meeting
- [x] check in with dan about connectivity/accessibility 

peg:
- [x] start discussion about converting to fiat on SSB
- [ ] keep in mind what it might be like for other groups to go through this process in the future

Phonebox:
- [x] Using custom version of SSB


## Agenda Items

* Iterations in how we're working together



**Alanna**: Feels like the meta level of 'how we're working' is taking a lot of focus, when we're still not even sure what we're working on together. Could it be enough just to keep talking to each other without further coordination added on top?

* dan: [A Proposition For Peer Support](%Oqv5KTNo1vhPwGNC1sPSvXCc6XNawtbw+A88b5OtE0E=.sha256)

**Phonebox**: I think talking about feelings and processing is integral to this work. This could bring stuff up for people, which we need ways of dealing with.

**Mix**: My sense is Dan's held a social bridging role thus far, and has felt responsibility for that. Mix and Dan we're doing some one on ones - if he was doing that for everyone it would take lots of time. But do we need that level of support now?

**Alanna**: how about we try pausing developing formal systems and check whether we need them as the need arises.

**Kieran**: I feel like there are people I can talk to, and it's good to hear that people other than Dan are up for that.

**Mix**: Let's add a standing agenda item where we check in on how we're feeling about MMT communications

**Proposal agreed:** :+1: No formal peer support system now, people reach out to each other as needed, standing agenda item to check in on MMT comms.**

---

Reflections on how comms are going:
- kieran: 
  - finding it hard to keep up in patchwork #mmt
  - people didn't give me their btc wallets
- peg:
  - posted a message I didn't get a repo (mmt, after last meeting)
  - unclarity about PR on guides repo
- phonebox:
  - patchbay branch `mmt` delivers just mmt content 
- dan:
  - didn't engage as much as normal
  - still feeling excited about the people, still not sure where we are + where we're going
  - 

---

Fishbowling / Just Listening <-- should we?

- alanna: let's use it sparingly
- mix: ditto
- kieran: i'm think its a good idea, but open to whatever
- phonebox: i'm excited for others to take the mantle I've been holding
- dan: feels like I talk a fair amount in meetings, and my experience just listening was way more interesting than I would have thought



---

**[Lets Use Loomio Proposal](https://www.loomio.org/p/D8MHbzq2/lets-use-loomio-for-making-decisions)**

Go online to Loomio and read the proposal and vote pls.
	
**Documentation/Wiki - [Mix's recs]**
%QIaDmLHVlmb/Pd8Q4XUSXSAVVfj/ovSmIQTDbnAwA3Y=.sha256

Mix keen for yay's or nay's so this can move forward. Please add comment on SSB thread.


---

Experiments - quick updates

* **Dan:** thinking about how to report back. Questions and actions have surfaced. Maybe need executive summary. Available as support for shifting funds. Sent Mix's bitcoin guide to my brother and he could follow it.
* **Kieran:** Mix and I did some transactions on the blockchain. Hoping to have a discussion but it didn't happen. Async messages worked OK. Doing more this week.
* **Mix:** Started off by ignoring plugins and using raw interface. Tried to make a mistake but couldn't, as a test. Payment is through. Next time will try plugin. Ran through multi-sig set up for protozoa (my coop) - was easy. Keepass has a large PW generator built-in.

---
**Transaction map**

Dan: Can see transaction in Electrum, but can't see who compiled it.

Mix: We skipped the "description" field, which we could/should use in the future.

---

**[Secret Sharding](https://github.com/KGibb8/truename-indexhtml)**

Kieran built little react app to use Horcrux. For reconstructing keys from smaller pieces. Don't need to spin up your own server, so non-technical people can use it.

---

municipal bonds: thread on SSB, people read and comment pls

## Next week's TODOs


* [ ] all: get your wallet receives to kieran / mix

Dan
- [x] figure out github permissions and PR process (kieran and peg PRs to guides) <--- have made whole mmt team admins
- [x] Find out who next weeks faciliatotor (can alanna do again, or should we reassign?) <--- Alanna :)
- [ ] figure out where to keep an index of all surfaced questions

Mix
- [ ] Check peg's github wiki permissions (sort github guide permisions, maybe org perms)
- [ ] try description field in Electrum transaction

Kieran
- [ ] Start recording issues/questions that come up during payment process - decide where to keep that content
* [x] peg & kieran Move BTC from old 4 multi sig wallet to current 6 multi sig wallet 

Peg
- [ ] report back from Just Listening (outside the fishbowl) in ssb :)

Questions (about electrum cosigned txs)
- [ ] how to check signatories
- [ ] are descriptions public?
    - [ ] who can see them?
- [ ] what sort of things need to be recorded?
  - who got paid
  - what for?
- [ ] where do we put the questions / questions bucket for particular experiments
- [ ] 


