# MMT Dev Team meeting | 29 May 2018 

. | .
---|---
**Time** | 11am CEST / 9pm NZST :clock1: 
**Facilitator** | Alanna üêå 
**Location** | Mumble (blockades.org, with celehner.com as backup)

To get started with Mumble [see setup guide](https://hackmd.io/MwMw7CBMCG3AtAUxAEwBzwCxoKwCN49pEUkA2TSHFaMMFMgTiA==) (takes 5-10 mins), the server name is `blockades.org`. We'll be on Signal if you have any challenges.

---

# Agenda

## Checkins & Hellos

unminuted

## Retreat Debrief

Overview of content & experience

![](https://i.imgur.com/Lt5BVer.jpg)

Gonna go through the above and checkin

- mix: purpose of meeting is mainly connecting with peg
- alanna: agenda follow through agenda
- dan: lets run through sessions
    - (dan) Story so Far: everyone shared how they arrived into mmt
    - (pb) Futuring: Cards are on Kanban, we basically spit-balled alot of ideas, beliefs, imaginaries about possible futures across dimensions such as food, healthcare, work, money etc
        - Played checkins 10 years in the future to frame things through a scope of some things having already been acheived
        - This futuring was a mixed bag, some things had gone with the world, group had worked through some issues.
        - dan: really liked the imaging the future back
    - (mix) Social Backups: this was fun and introduced some characters in a privacy way and painted realistic attributes on them.
        - built a network of connections amongst them
        - we guess who they might distribute shards to
        - looked at the dynamics for why we chose people
            - wanted them to learn?
            - already competent?
        - might be quite common for shards to aggregate with particular people
        - (pb) found interesting due to role play due to imaginging real people... realised the people pb chose would need to have a variety of approaches for different people
        - (alanna) lots of keys all over the house still

    - (alanna) Mapping the Landscape: where mmt fits in relation
        - broadly, competitors, collaborators, community
        - ran out of time to go deep
        - should come back to this when we have more idea of things we're building etc
    
    - (group/alanna) Wallet Walk through Session: 
        - Drilling into specifics of what we can build
        - (kierans notes) Negotiating the scope of the session
        - Did walkthrough (but with lying on the floor)
        - Focus was to take existing experiments and unpack the pain points
        - Built out possible next steps from there
        - Mix outlined the current steps
        - **TODO** Get notes from pb (kierans notes) (can't keep up typing :) )
        - Started to talk through steps in terms of scenarios with different groups or different characters from Kierans exercise or different scenarios based on Futuring
        - Alanna gave a pithy (sp?) overview of different tools we could consider
        - Wallet which is forgiving and designed for group first
        - Usability around care for social fabric and difficult to get wrong
        - Roadmap started to unfold from this

    - (alanna) Dialogue Circle
        - Alanna held this space
        - Building collective and shared understanding
        - No specific outcomes (which is like a walk)

    - (pb) Sunday Walkthrough of Comms
        - Different folx in the team and commitments
        - More detail about what we thought we should be building
        - outlining MVPs
        - Looked at team 
            - pb focusing on some other stuff as current role has lived its life.

Any other questions

- peg: 
    - the whole being together physically is obviously opens connections in a deeper way which is richer than voice/text/picture
    - that's great that that has happened!
    - looking forward to meeting kieran together!
    - really happy to hear that the Saturday Dialogue Circle happened
    - Not sure about the conclusions - seeking clarity
    - Meta-data application is turing into an app / wallet in itself

alanna: 
    - noted that peg was added as the point person for metadata
    - kieran and mix going hard of social backup
    - metadata stuff is deeper
    - can be sequential or we can do concurrent

peg:
    - in someways concurrent makes sense given that that is what we're already doing
    - on the otherhand would be nice if we were all involved in all decisions together and how we 
    - this "togetherness" might have its own restrictions

pb: 
    - my understanding from that session was that they are not different projects but different modules and will be integrated from the usre point of view
    - pb: notes got picked up?

pb: 
    - clear steps forward
    - participatory design in next steps
    - some discussion around security aware architecture for it
    - this is leading to dependencies which lead into
    - **TODO** grab these from pb

- mix:
    - peg thinks about what it is that his gut wants and communicates this to the group
    - e.g. mix says "put down the metadata stuff, we're now going to work on the social secrets stuff for next 6 months"
    - this could move the conversation and dialogue forward quicker maybe?

- peg: 
    - to put it personally really enjoying programming and nikolai has been helping
    - session with mix was really exciting
    - if this can continue and having some interesting tasks, then am happy as am really enjoying that

- mix: 
    - if mix said there was a shitload of programming - does the domain matter?

- peg:
    - wouldn't want to put the metadata project down unless we were for sure not abandoning that
    - bit of confusion after meeting with dan

- mix: 
    - anything is possible
    - playing the :flags: in the :sandal: 

- alanna:
    - this was not a hard limit
    - we are not sure if these are two modules
    - or if they are tightly coupled
    - this needs more community participatory research
    - will also come down to what folx are most interested in doing
    - notes were just thinking through what some potentials forward were

- pb:
    - seperate or together
    - certainly focus on commuincation between teams and what was being worked on
    - background architecture could be tackled a number of ways
    - end result should be

PROPOSAL
    Alanna: 
        - Can we park this and revisit it next week when Kieran is here
        - no need to put pressure on ourselves to figure out tonight

peg: +1
pb: no pressure my side, just wanted to communicate what was in recollection before stepping back
dan: +1
mix: +1

- peg:
    - just getting clarity on what is meant
    - where is the code

- mix: 
    - Kieran has done some work looking at what data needs to be passed back and fwd
    - mix and kieran have spent time learning writing documentation and testing
    - has been dabbling on first modular
    - not in production

- dan: 
    - **ACTION POINT** Dan to start thread about secrets online and call meeting

- alanna:
    - **ACTION POINT** Alanna to start sequentinal vs. concurrent thread


#### Summary of conclusions

* Work on secret sharding tool first on SSB, while researching better multi-sig wallet to build next
* Dogfood on ourselves, and also find some other close groups to get early feedback from
* Build for two initial use cases: recovering SSB ID and multi-sig wallet
* PB stepping back, Dan, Alanna, Kieran, Mix, and Peg staying on

![](https://i.imgur.com/OySOCq9.jpg)

Question: sequential vs concurrent

## Experiment: Paying Expenses

Kieran

- Alanna:
    - how do we pay for things which are outside of hours
    - kieran offered to gather receipts and will talk to dan
    - there is an experiment here as it is quite a common pattern

- peg:
    - glad this came up
    - this is something which groups will want
    - interested in how decisions are made in the group
    - wages are specific but groups will want expenses functionality
    - good to go at this imagining something which is a contentious thing <--

**ACTION POINT** More discussion in a thread

DOGFOOD OUR OWN EXPENSES Dan has started a private thread about it

:dog: :hamburger: 

## Secret Sharding Tool Name

Alanna

[SSB discussion thread](%8lSrC/WhElcCN5evpV+CNY8wxM6lVsTpgMyiE9ctrqg=.sha256)

- Alanna:
    - Vision was that we have something easy to refer to it
    - Do we want to try to quickly make a decision
        - Dark Crystal
            - +1 (hopefully no CR)
            - peg +1
            - mix +1
            - alanna +1
            - dan +1
            - kieran

            - Maybe probably gonna change it later
            - We nearly changed the name to Google

Decision: code name **Dark Crystal**

## Internal Docs Tool

Dan

[SSB discussion thread](%x4VnBufbzE3aYRiPN/qbBDsTGKx6Y4drXn4TWSWkeGM=.sha256)

- Dan: Sandstorm for Private Documents, yay or nay.
    - Dan: Sandstorm SaaS or Self Hosted attempt?

We discussed needs for comms at the retreat. Outcomes included everyone getting on Signal for realtime chat, confirming other tools like SSB and Github, and a question about where to host docs.

Looked at a few alternatives. Sandstorm ticks all the boxes. 

https://oasis.sandstorm.io/referrals
You share a grain with your friend (who isn't already an Oasis user).
Your friend signs in.
Your friend shares a grain with any other person (including you).
Potentially get unlimited grains and 2gb storage--but miht need to coordinate sign up and sharing circle.

PROPOSAL:
setup the free hosted version and go from there
peg +1
mix +1
alanna +1
dan +1
kieran

Dan to set up will ask for help if needed

## Clarifying Our Pay

Alanna

[SSB discussion thread](%SHLiMrCC/UWQHkk403ffQhA86EwCXxVI8w83/isWcgM=.sha256)

- alanna:
    - voiced emerging consensus
        - on ssb
        - converging?
        - should we try UBI?
        - don't worry about variations

- peg:
    - what boils down to holiday / sick do we keep paying?

Decision: try the UBI approach, instead of contractor as we've been doing lately. review it in 2 months.

- peg +1
- mix +1
- alanna +1
- dan +1
- kieran


## Comics Experiment Update

Dan

[SSB discussion thread](%Snt7UoMEOV8XkWz5S16Hk1c/c6vUV74OO3I+8NpELPk=.sha256)

## Next week's TODOs

This week's payments:

* Retreat work is paid at normal rate? <-- dan thought this was considered work
* Mix back on, plus 2 weeks backpay
* Peg and Mix do payments

dan 
* Get notes form folx from retreat
    * from PB (kierans notes)
* set up sandstorm
* secrets conversation
* Call with PB
* (getting grants)

Alanna
* start discussion about concurrent vs sequential decision
* getting grants
* wrap up expsenses

Peg
* find out more about Dark Crystal project
* tie up some loose ends on current work
* connect and pair with mix

Mix
* pairing
* finishing documentation of testing stuff started with kieran
* mix to walk peg through the work which kieran and mix worked on